Fix DITA warnings in Tuning Performance guide (#4863)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_smart-proxy-configuration-tuning.adoc

= {SmartProxy} configuration tuning

[role="_abstract"]
Understanding {SmartProxy} tuning helps you optimize load distribution and content delivery across different networks in your {Project} environment.

> Properly configured {SmartProxies} reduce load on your {Project} server and improve performance for remote execution and content distribution tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properly configured {SmartProxies} reduce load on your {ProjectServer} and improve performance for remote execution and content distribution tasks.
```

Reviewer: Refs https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L147
